---
title: "OTW Wargames - Bandit - Level 5 -> Level 6"
hidden: true
---

<h2>Objective: Find password stored in a file with specific properties that is somewhere under the <b>inhere</b> directory</h2>

The file that we are looking for in this level has 3 specific properties:
1. human-readable
2. 1033 bytes in size
3. not executable

The `ls` command lists the <b>inhere</b> directory.

Execute `cd inhere` to change to the <b>inhere</b> directory.

`ls` shows that there are 20 different directories contained within the <b>inhere</b> directory.

Executing `ls -R | wc -l` shows us that there is a combined total of 180 files within the subdirectories (9 files per directory).<br>
<u>Note:</u> The `-R` parameter means recursive and it tells the terminal to not only list the directories, but every file within each directory as well.<br>

Instead of going into every directory and trying to figure out what is inside each file, we can use the `find` command with parameters to find the file with the 3 specific properties.

We start by using `find -readable` to only display human-readable files.<br>
This results in all 180 files being returned.<br>
This tells us that every file is human-readable and doesn't help at all.

Next, we execute `find -readable -size 1033c` to find files which are also 1033 bytes in size.<br>
<u>Note:</u> The `c` after 1033 is for bytes.

This results in 1 file being returned, the `file2` file in the `maybehere07` directory.

Now lets say we wanted to add a 3rd parameter to the `find` command to continue narrowing down our search for the file with the 3 specific properties.

We can execute `find -readable -size 1033c ! -executable` to find files which are also NOT executable.<br>
<u>Note:</u> The `!` means NOT and tells the terminal that whatever follows after the `!`, we do NOT want that parameter. In this case, its basically saying we do NOT want our results to return files that are executable, but rather the opposite.

The same result is returned `./maybehere07/.file2`.

To verify if the `./maybehere07/.file2` file is the correct one, we can execute `ls -l ./maybehere07/.file2` which outputs the following:
```
-rw-r----- 1 root bandit5 1033 May  7  2020 ./maybehere07/.file2
```

`-rw-r-----` tells us what kind of permissions this file has.<br>
The dashes are grouped into 3's and broken down into 3 permission groups:
1. owner
2. group
3. all users

The first dash represents read (r)<br>
The second dash represents write (w)<br>
The third dash represents execute (x)

Since there are no `x`'s in the permissions, this means that the file is not excutable by any permission group.

The `1033` is the size of the file in bytes.

We can also execute `file ./maybehere07/.file2` which outputs the following:
```
./maybehere07/.file2: ASCII text, with very long lines
```

ASCII text means that the file contains text readable by humans.

Change into the `maybehere07` directory and execute `cat file2` to get the answer.

<center><button id="solution_button">Solution</button></center>
<center><p id="solution"><code>DXjZPULLxYr17uwoI01bNLQbtFemEgo7</code></p></center>